o x x x o x b o o lose
o o o x b b x b x lose
x x o o x x o x o win
b x b b x b o x o win
o x b b o x x b o lose
o o x x x o x o x tie
x o x o x o x x o tie
o x o o x o x x x win
x o x x x o o x o tie
x x x x o o o x o win
o o x o x o x x x win
o x b x x o b x o win
b o x o o x b x x win
x x x b b o b b o win
x o o o x x x o x win
o x x o o x x o x win
x x o x x b o o o lose
b b o x o o x x x win
o b x b o o x x x win
x o x o o x b b x win
x x b x o o x b o win
b o o x o x x o x lose
o o x o b x b x x win
x x o x o o x o x win
o x x x o x o o x win
o x o b o x x x o lose
o x o x x x x o o win
o x b x x x o o b win
o o x x o o x x x win
o x x x x o o o x tie
x x o x o o o x x tie
o x o o x x x o x tie
o x x o x x o b o lose
x o o x x x o x o win
x o x o o o x x b lose
o o x o x x x x o tie
o o x o x b o x x lose
b b x o x x o o x win
x b o x x o b b o lose
x x o x o x o x o tie
o x o x x o x b o lose
x o x o o x x x o tie
o o o x b x x x o lose
o o x x x o x x o tie
o o x b o x b x x win
x o x o x x o o x win
o o o o x x x x b lose
o b b x x x x o o win
x x o x x o o o x win
o o x b x x o b x win
