x b o b x b b o x 4 win
o x x x o b o x o 1 lose
o o x x x o x x o 0 tie
x x o x o x o o x 0 tie
x o x o x x o x o 0 tie
o b x o o x x b x 2 win
o x x b x b o x o 2 win
o x o o x x x o x 0 tie
x x b x o o x o b 2 win
x x x b o x o o b 2 win
x b o b x o b x o 3 lose
b x b x x o o x o 2 win
x o o o o x x x x 0 win
x o o x o x o x x 0 tie
b o o x b o x x x 2 win
x x o x o o o x x 0 tie
x o o b x o b x x 2 win
o x x x x o x o o 0 tie
x o x x x b o o o 1 lose
x x x b b b b o o 4 win
x x o o x o x b o 1 lose
o x o b x o x x b 2 win
b o b x x x o b b 4 win
x o o x x b x b o 2 win
o x x o x o x x o 0 win
x o x x o x b o o 1 lose
x o x x x o o o x 0 win
o x o o x x x x o 0 win
o x o x o x x o x 0 tie
b x o o x o b x x 2 win
x x o o o x o x x 0 tie
x x o o o o x b x 1 lose
x o o o x x x x o 0 tie
o x x b o x x o o 1 lose
x o b x o x o o x 1 lose
o o o x o x x x b 1 lose
o b x b o b x x o 3 lose
x x x o b o b x o 2 win
x x b x o o x b o 2 win
x b o o b o x x x 2 win
x o x o x o o x x 0 win
o x o x x o o x x 0 win
o o x x x o x o x 0 tie
o x x o x o o b x 1 lose
o b x x o x x o o 1 lose
x o x o x x x o o 0 tie
x x b o o o o x x 1 lose
o o x o x x x x o 0 tie
b b b x x x b o o 4 win
x o x x x o x o o 0 win
