x o o x x o o x x win
x o x x o b o o x lose
x o x x x o o x o tie
x x o b x b o x o win
o x x o x o x o x tie
x o x x o x o x o tie
o o x o x o x x x win
b o x x o o x o x lose
x x o o o x x x o tie
o x x x x o o x o win
x o b b o b x o x lose
x x o x o x x o o win
x o o o x x x o x win
b x x o o o x o x lose
b o b b o b x x x win
x x o o o x o x x tie
o x o x o o x x x win
o o o b b x b x x lose
x b o b b o x x o lose
o x b o b x o x b lose
o x b b o b x x o lose
b x o x x x o o b win
x o o b x o b x x win
x o o o o x x x x win
x o x x o o x x o win
x x o x o o x o x win
o o x x o b x o x lose
o x o x x x x o o win
b o x b x x o o x win
o x x o o x b x o lose
b b x x x b o o o lose
o o x b o x x b x win
x b b b x b o o x win
x o o x x b x o b win
b o x b o o x x x win
x o x o x x x o o tie
x x x x o o o o x win
x o o o x x o x x win
x b o x o o x b x win
o b x b x x o o x win
x x x o o x o o x win
x x x o x o x o o win
o o b x o x x o x lose
o b b x x x b o b win
o x o o b x o x x lose
o b x b o x b b x win
o o o x x o b x x lose
o o o x x o x b x lose
b o b x x x b o b win
x x o x x o o o x win
