b o x o x x o b x 2 win
o x x x o b o x o 1 lose
x x o x o x o x o 0 tie
o o b x o x x x o 1 lose
x x x o x b o o b 2 win
b o b x o x x o b 3 lose
o o o o x x x x b 1 lose
o x x b o x o x o 1 lose
o x x o x x o b o 1 lose
o o x x x x x o o 0 win
x b x o o o b b x 3 lose
o x b o x b b x b 4 win
o x o b x o x x b 2 win
o x o x o x o x x 0 tie
x o x x x o o o x 0 win
o x o x o o x x x 0 win
b x x x o x o o o 1 lose
x o b x x o o b x 2 win
x o b b o o x x x 2 win
x x x x o o o x o 0 win
x b x o o o x o x 1 lose
x x o o o x x o x 0 tie
o x o x x o x o x 0 tie
b b o x x x b o b 4 win
x x o x o x o o x 0 tie
o x x o x x x o o 0 tie
b o x x o b b o x 3 lose
x x o b b o x b o 3 lose
x b b o x o b b x 4 win
o x b x o o x x o 1 lose
o x x x o x o o x 0 win
o x o o x x x o x 0 tie
b x x o o x o b x 2 win
x x x x o o x o o 0 win
x x b o o o x x o 1 lose
x o o x o x o x x 0 tie
x o o x x x b o b 2 win
x b o x x o o b x 2 win
o b o o x x o x x 1 lose
o x x o x o x x o 0 win
x o o x o b x x b 2 win
x o o o x x x x o 0 tie
x o o o x x x o x 0 win
x b o b b o x x o 3 lose
o x x o b x o x o 1 lose
x o x o x x x o o 0 tie
o o x x x x o o x 0 win
o x b b x o b x b 4 win
x o b x o b x b b 4 win
x b o o x x o b x 2 win
