o x o x x x o o x win
x o o x b b x b b win
o o x x x o x o x tie
b o b x o b x o x lose
o x o x x o x o x tie
o x o x o o x x x win
x o x o x x o x o tie
x x b o x x o o o lose
o o o b b x b x x lose
x o x b o x b o b lose
o x o x o x o x x tie
o x x o o x b b x win
x o b b x o b b x win
x x o o o x x o x tie
x o b x o x x b o win
x x x x o b o o b win
o x o o x x x x o win
o o x x o x b b x win
x x o b x o b o x win
o o b x o x x x o lose
x x x o x o x o o win
o x x x o o x o x tie
o o o x x o x b x lose
o o b x x x o x b win
o x x x x o x o o tie
b x o x x o x o o lose
x x x x o o o x o win
x o x x o x o x o tie
x x b o o o o x x lose
o x x o o x x o x win
x x o o o x o x x tie
x x o o x x x o o tie
x x x b o x o b o win
o x x x o x o o x win
o b x o o x x b x win
o x o x b o x x o lose
o x o x x x x o o win
o x x x x o o o x tie
x x o x o o o x x tie
o o x x x x b o b win
x x x b x o b o o win
x x o x o x o x o tie
b x o o x b b x b win
b x o b x o x b o lose
x b x x o b x o o win
x o o x b o x x b win
o x x o x x x o o tie
x b o o x x o b x win
b b x x b x o o o lose
x b b o o o x b x lose
